Add a page about AWS onboarding to Hubverse developer docs (#284)
hubverse-org/hubDocs: docs/source/developer/cloud-onboarding.md

# AWS Onboarding

The Hubverse team currently provides cloud hosting for hubs. A "cloud-enabled" hub is one that
mirrors its data and configuration to an Amazon Web Services (AWS) S3 bucket. By default, the current
hub directories are synced in near-real-time to AWS:

- auxiliary-data
- hub-config
- model-abstracts
- model-metadata
- model-output
- target-data

## Setup

Because each hub has its own S3 bucket and other dedicated AWS resources, a member of the Hubverse team needs to be
involved in cloud onboarding.

If a hub admin wants to enable cloud hosting, these are the steps to follow:

1. Decide on a name for the hub's S3 bucket. S3 bucket names must follow

>    [these rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucketnamingrules.html) and be globally unique.

Reviewer: descriptive link

```suggestion
   Amazon's [bucket naming rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucketnamingrules.html) and be globally unique.
```
